okay Valentine's Day confession a lot of
y'all probably don't notice but my first
kiss was in the 8th grade
now let's be real I know you're about to
start judging and all that other stuff
but before you do that technically it
wasn't my first kiss but it was the
first time that I would say it was
really and by rail I mean you completely
understand what the whole kissing thing
was about you maybe had your sweaty
palms that you butterflies that's what
I'm talking about now like I said I'm in
the 8th grade I got a girlfriend at the
time let's just call her Ashlee for the
sake of her privacy so we were going to
go for maybe a week or two and we
decided let's go out to the ball with
some friends this weekend no she brought
her friend I brought my boy Benson and
this is 2005 so this is D foil dem
franchize Boyz lean with it rock with it
baggy pants super tall tease all that
stuff and that's what we wore and I
guess the ladies didn't have a problem
with it because they didn't complain
about it but anyway back to the story
since I was a middle school I didn't
have my super fast exotic cars yet so I
did with many other middle schoolers
dish I begged my mother to take us she
accepted the challenge so she picks up
festive we're all in the cost she's
driving listening to her music in her
own work I'm holding the conversation
until
visit decides this is the perfect time
to talk about something to happen in
class he says hey yo when dr. Carol kept
calling on me she was pissing me off
really who says that in eighth grade in
front of parents I mean my mom's turn
her head around so fast I mean at this
point she's not even looking at the road
I'm thinking we're about to die she
turned around looked him square in his
eye and saying oh don't be saying that
it turned right back around now he's in
the backseat whoa what just happened
faced for the rest of the ride I'm in
the front face palm to the third degree
due to the fact that he actually thought
saying that would be cool
finally we get to the mall we meet up
with the girls we take a couple ratchet
pitches hit the food court maybe look
around the arcade and lay the tag and
stuff like that after a couple hours
pass we decide we want to go to the
movies - now I know what you thinking
easy
the movies the perfect place to do it I
would agree with you walk over to the
movies buy tickets we get some popcorn
in my head I'm going over ways I can
achieve my objective strategies and
tactics I can use
so we set out midway through the movie
it's this perfect time its rail romantic
scene things like that I look at her she
looks back at me we look deep into each
other's eyes and I say what you're
looking at I am so disappointed in you
Devin I mean who even does that wasn't
even funny just completely killed the
moment missed opportunity so we go back
out to the lobby after the movie done
and everything the guy that sweeps up
kicks us out the movie there to lose in
there after everybody left but we go
back out to the lobby and we just
chilling everybody waiting for their
rise now this guy Vincent decides that
this is the perfect time to acts in
front of everyone have me and Ashley
kissed yet now that only four of us in
our little group but it feels like
strangers are creeping into the scene
just to hear what I have to say as if no
one would notice the popcorn man is no
longer fixing popcorn from behind the
counter now what I wanted to do was but
I was so shocked that I couldn't even
bring my lips to formulate words to give
a response in the most embarrassing part
was that actually answers for me now
guys Shawn know what kind of acid it was
when your girl wants to do something you
don't do it
and then someone stacks her has she done
it it was one of those Joe at this point
saying my confidence was low will be
understatement but as I'm getting myself
together I realized I can't find my head
I think you left it in the theater well
gee willikers let's go look for it the
guy lets us back in the theater a couple
minutes past and I realized this darrell
has no idea where my head is then out of
nowhere she's like well you don't have
to worry about what mensis said because
I mean if you want to do it we can do it
but if not I don't want to feel like I'm
pressuring you to do something you don't
want to do in my head I'm thinking don't
wanna do okay daddy
your time is now all lights are green my
gosh man take the shot
so in that moment I guess my inner
Casanova came out and I walked over to
her lifted her chin up and now it wasn't
nothing super extravagant freaky like we
wasn't it was no makeout session rolling
all over the stairs and things like that
it was something real quick maybe like
the three-second rule you know one of
those in the moral of the story
all that shy and timid stuff you gotta
get rid of that because that's what
Matt's me oh because I started thinking
that every girl would just eventually
come out and say what they want to say
but that's not how it works
these girls are the games players to the
max and if you don't have the handbook
and can't read what they want you've
done they won't come out and say they
just gonna be like oh this guy's
bluffing and that's how it went